This project involves a decentralized crowdfunding application built on Ethereum blockchain technology. This application helps us avoid problems related to fraud or scams. In today’s world, many inventors have launched Kickstarter campaigns to build products. Building a product costs money. For this, they raises funds from investors who are interested in their projects. With the help of these funds, they are able to create their products.if these products will sold, investors also received some money or some products. However, in this type of application, there is a significant risk. Suppose an investor invests money to increase funding for a project, but the project manager does not purchase the expected products. Instead, he uses those funds for his own profit. In this scenario, the investor loses their money. However, Ethereum-based blockchain technology can help prevent such scams.When the project manager wants to buy a product, he submits a request to the smart contract then all investor check this request and decide whether to approve it or not. If more than 50% of the investors approve, the project manager sends a request to the smart contract to finalize the amount. The smart contract then sends money to the vendor to buy the products. This transaction is made to an external address, which everyone can see.This transparency allows everyone to see what type of product the manager bought or where the money is invested. In this way, we can protect ourselves from major scam.